SOURCE: https://www.jjay.cuny.edu/research/student-research/office-student-research-creativity/research-creativity-scholarships/undergraduategraduate-researchcreativity-assistant-scholarship

Undergraduate/Graduate Research/Creativity Assistant Scholarship | John Jay College of Criminal Justice
Skip to main content
Undergraduate/Graduate Research/Creativity Assistant Scholarship
OSRC Inaugural Cohort 2018-2019
Undergraduate/Graduate Research/Creativity Assistant Scholarships:
The application cycle is open year round.
The application submission deadline for any given cohort cycle is May 31.
Students will be accepted on a first-come, first served basis once deemed eligible by the OSRC team.
Amount: $1,000
Duration: 1 year (from September of each year to the end of May the following year)
The Office for Student Research & Creativity (OSRC) is offering annual scholarships to (10) undergraduate students and (6) graduate students in the amount of $1,000 each, affording them the opportunity to conduct research or engage in creative works with a John Jay College faculty member over the course of (1) year (September to end of May). Students can use funds at their discretion, however, should prioritize covering costs for research project related expenses. At least half of the scholarships are given to students typically underrepresented in research/creative activities in their academic fields.
Students interested in this opportunity but in need of assistance are strongly advised to contact the OSRC Assistant Director in a timely manner to discuss the application process, seek help in identifying a faculty mentor, or for any other clarification. All application essays and accompanying faculty letters must be emailed to Bettina Muenster at
osrc@jjay.cuny.edu
. Students ready to apply can access the
application google form here
.
Applications are open year round with submissions deadline of May 31 and final notification by June 30.
Scholarship recipients may apply for funding for a second year of research with the same faculty/project dependent on the submission and evaluation of a first-year progress report and subject to funding priorities (more details below). Scholarship program participants are also eligible to receive a research badge and register for a one credit research class.
Eligibility and application requirements:
Students must be enrolled at JJC for the duration of the scholarship (fall through spring of each respective year).
Scholarship applicants may come from any major, but may not be supported by any other research program at John Jay (MSRG, PRISM, McNair, etc.) for the same research project.
Students must have a committed faculty mentor before submitting their application essay. In case students need assistance in finding an appropriate faculty mentor, they should make an appointment with the Assistant Director of OSRC no later than three weeks prior to the application deadline.
The letter of support must be from the JJC faculty member serving as mentor.
Student essays and faculty mentor letters must be reflective of each other, clearly indicating an understanding of the nature of the project based on the criteria outlined below.
Not required:
Minimum GPA;
Research experience;
IRB review process.
Applications will be rated based on the following criteria:
Students must:
complete an application form
through this google form link
;
submit an essay of
750-1000
words (see rubric below for evaluation details) via email to
osrc@jjay.cuny.edu
:
describing in personal ways what inspired them to take on the topic they chose;
detailing their research/creative interests and demonstrating an understanding of the project idea;
explaining what they hope to gain from the experience, both academically and professionally; elaborating on the potential outcomes and impact of their work;
stating their faculty mentor(s) and why they chose to work with them.
Faculty mentors must:
submit a letter of support (see rubric below for evaluation details) to
osrc@jjay.cuny.edu
in which they:
explain in detail how they plan to guide the student through a comprehensive research/creative project that may include both quantitative and qualitative analysis;
briefly describe the anticipated benefits of the student-mentor relationship;
provide the title, research question, methodology, and rationale of the project (as much as possible at the time);
state the approximate amount of weekly hours mentees are expected to work on the project.
Commitment:
Students are required to work with their faculty mentors on a regular basis (exact hours/wk to be determined by mentor in agreement with the student) over the coming year.
Students are required to attend approximately (4-6) cohort meetings throughout the year. These meetings are mandatory!
Students are required to attend regular one-on-one meetings with the Assistant Director and the OSRC team.
Students will present their projects three times throughout the year, culminating in the poster board presentation during the Faculty Mentor Award reception at the annual Research & Creativity Expo at the end of the spring semester.
Students must submit an end-of-year essay at the end of the program (completion of project by end of scholarship year is NOT required).
Faculty may require students to submit additional products. Students are strongly encouraged, but not required, to work toward co-publication of the project results in a peer-reviewed journal.
Students applying for the 2nd year scholarship:
Students applying for the second-year of funding will be required to continue their research as well as assume a secondary mentorship role for the incoming first-year cohort of mentees, assisting with various technical and process related mentoring tasks. All scholarship recipients will be required to present their work at the College’s annual Research & Creativity Week. The second-year scholarship is in the amount of $1,200.
Please visit our WIX website to learn more about our
students' projects
as well as
their personal experiences
.
Guidelines for student applicants and faculty mentors:
Rating rubric
Exemplary (2pts)
Adequate (1pt)
Inadequate (0pts)
Quality of student statement (3 criteria)
• Spelling, grammar, language, style, and tone are exemplary.
• Spelling, grammar, language, style, and tone are adequate.
• Spelling, grammar, language, style, and tone are inadequate.
• Student clearly states interest in and demonstrates well-defined understanding of project idea.
• Student adequately states interest in and demonstrates understanding of project idea.
• Student inadequately states interest in and fails to demonstrate understanding of project idea.
• Student shows clear appreciation of overall outcome and impact of research, including potential academic and professional gain.
• Student demonstrates adequate understanding of overall outcome and impact of research, alluding to potential academic and professional gain.
• Student’s understanding of overall outcome and impact of research are inadequate.
Quality of faculty mentor letter of recommendation (4 criteria)
• Faculty explains clearly and in detail how the student will be guided through a comprehensive research/creative project.
• Faculty adequately explains how the student will be guided through a research/creative project.
• Faculty’s explanation of how the student will be guided through a research/creative project is inadequate.
• Faculty presents a clearly defined mentoring role.
• Faculty adequately explains mentoring role.
• Faculty does not define mentoring role.
• Faculty provides exemplary description of title, research question, methodology, and rationale of the project.
• Faculty adequately lists title, research question, methodology, and rationale of the project.
• Title, research question, methodology, and rationale of the project are inadequately stated.
• Faculty clearly states the approximate  hours per week student will be required to work
• Faculty mentions the approximate  hours per week student will be required to work but is ambiguous.
• Faculty neglects to state required hours per week student needs to work.
Maximum total points possible
14
7
0
Please contact
osrc@jjay.cuny.edu
with any questions.
﻿