SOURCE: https://reddit.com/r/CUNY/comments/1f2r9wf

Skip to main content
r/CUNY Search in r/CUNY Create
r/CUNY •2y ago
starlight_wav
first day tomorrow and im sick to my stomach </33
i hope this is on topic to post here but im starting college tomorrow and i feel so nervous and idk how to cope
with it :((
i get that like everyones nervous on their first day, everyone will be preoccupied with their own things and
whatnot, but that doesn't really ease me either. i tried to see if anyone else was posting if they're going to the
same school as me (john jay) and haven't seen anything which understandable but still
plus it doesn't help i'll be commuting on my own ;; up until now i've been picked up/dropped off to and from
school which i have been so grateful for but thats just created more anxiety for me because now this is the
first time i'll be travelling on my own. i remember begging my mum last year of hs to let me go on my own bc i
knew this would happen but 😭 😭 and like i've been on the subway a few times but always with someone
else, i don't feel confident in myself to be able to do it alone ;; i keep thinking of all the bad things that could
happen, if i'm not situationally aware etc etc. like i already had a good amount of "awareness" i wanna say
from just me naturally being an anxious person but the last few months everyone in my family has been
hammering down on it being like "always watch your back/dont talk to anyone/stay as far away from the tracks
as you can bc someone will push you down" and so many other things which i get is normal family things to
be worried over and im grateful that everyone is so worried for me and i know they're just looking out for me
but that on top me already knowing and looking out for it just is too much and it feels more counterproductive
now
i went to the orientation and even then i got pretty lost too, i don't know how i'm gonna be able to navigate. i
think the only things i'm looking forward to is that no one i know goes there so i'll be away from everyone in hs
(i didnt end it on a good note so i'm really looking forward to the whole "reinvent yourself" thing) and the fact
that my schedule i think was pretty decent. or i mean i used to think it was decent but then my mum
mentioned how taking afternoon classes kind of kills your whole day and since she's said that i see it now and
ughhh. like i know myself i know i'm not a morning person i can't wake up for an 8am especially if it takes me
like 2-3 hrs to get ready and commute. i know my choice was the best thing for me but i'm starting to doubt
everything :((
i used to be a very self proclaimed introvert and very socially awkward but i like to think i've gotten more
sociable but admittedly i do still struggle with it. and how everyone says that its hard to make friends too is
kinda making me nervous too i dont want to have to be very extra and overbearing and annoyingly persistent
to make friends but that's what it sounds like i have to do and just ugh everything is scary.
i was really looking forward to college and i really wanted to get out of my old school and be as far away from
home as i could get, i know why i made all the decisions i did but now that i'm here i'm just starting to doubt
and regret everything, i was so excited to have this freedom and to be able to do things for myself and just
actually have a life but now it's making me just sick to my stomach and idk how to cope, i haven't been this
anxious about anything in forever. my plan tomorrow is to get there early and walk around to try to find my
classes, then maybe see if anythings happening during the free hr (? i doubt there'll be anything first day so
idk here ???) go to class, visit office hours if i'm able just to say hi and familiarize myself with where to go,

then go home? or maybe look around more? i dont know :(( i haven't felt this anxiety in ages i don't know how i
Skip to main content
used to go everyday like this lol Create
i know the first week is hell but is there anything else that i should prepare for or any advice or something i
dont know TT thank you i just needed to get this off my chest
update (28/08/24, 3:20 AM): oh my gosh hello everyone !! i absolutely was not expecting such an amount of
responses when i posted this oh my god im still in such disbelief, i'm literally shaking typing this lol
thank you so much to everyone who commented and reached out, everyones words have been so comforting i
truly cannot express it in words the amount of gratitude i feel. i've been so anxious thinking about today that i
haven't been able to eat these past few days, but reading everyones comments has helped to ease my
anxieties, thank you so much 🫶 🫶 for everyone starting tomorrow, best of luck 🫂 ! i'll definitely update this
after tomorrow lol ! thank you so much again TT !!
update (28/08/24 11:42 PM): hiii idk if anyone is gonna read this update but i just wanted to share how my
first day went and surprise surprise it was very much totally fine 😭 😭 (to absolutely no ones surprise). i was
genuinely floored by how sweet everyone was, i swear everyone at my old school was so mean i was like ??? it
was such a shock TT i even made some friends !! even though most ppl i met and talked to are in diff years, i
hope we get to stay in contact 🫶 🫶 !! i just cant get over how nice everyone was my heart feels like it's
gonna burst. i dont want to get too excited, i know college is going to be hard and i'm not trying to be all
starry eyed naïve idealistic "oh what will go wrong" sounding, but gosh TT i really was just catastrophizing
</33 i used to be like this a lot i cant believe i didnt catch it sooner. i really hope i get to run into some of these
people again, but even if i don't i feel so much more comfortable being able to talk to people. i know not every
interaction will be as nice, but i want to interact with so many more people !!
also side note everyone there has such great style hello ??? i saw so many cool outfits it took everything in me
to not be complimenting someone every 5 seconds TT !! i feel like i was a little awkward honestly, a few
interactions were a bit odd (because of me i enjoy talking to ppl but i realize i definitely have quite a bit to go if
i want to say im good at it lol), but i think that most people got i was coming from a good place so ;; hopefully
idk
i got to the building early (four. hours. early. because my first prof stood us up lol </33 jk not rlly class was just
cancelled) and had time to walk around and find my classes, i even got to visit the westport building ! i know i
have a class there so im glad i got to see it ;; !! but also some ppl i met today offered to walk to me to class too
which TT oh i could cry thinking about i havent had such a nice interaction with someone in forever i hope i
get to see them again :"))
and about my fears of public transport; old me was so right for wanting that freedom i dont know why i was
freaking out so much TT !! i guess it was one of those "you want it so much but when you finally have it you
dont know what to do with it" type things, it was so therapeutic honestly. i remember coming home from
school everyday and being so terribly drained, but having that walk (despite how exhausted i was lol) was so
mind clearing and god i loved getting the sunlight in TT lol you can see how sheltered i am. honestly the train
wasnt terrible, on the bus there was some weird guy but the minute he got off me the people around me
started to talk abt him it was lowk really funny bc i was freaking out the whole time, but they eased the tension
😭 😭 so grateful for them honestly ;;
right now im in bed relaxing mentally preparing myself for tomorrow... new classes tomorrow, and then after
that it's almost a full week, then it's *really* a full week and... but just one day at a time ig im really anxious but
for all the anxities i feel i think im just as equally excited

thank you so much to everyone who left a message of support, from the bottom of my heart genuinely i
Skip to main content
cannot thank you all enough. wishing everyone love 🫶 Create
129 65
Join the conversation
Sort by: Best Search Comments
[deleted] • 2y ago
wow this was a very heartfelt post for a subreddit thats mostly people asking about financial aid, this was
very passionate lol. i liked reading your thoughts
you'll be fine! you will start making a lot of friends when classes start. a lot of people in my school make
group chats for their classes, you might find you get added to one and meeting lots of cool people. once
you start cuny, you'll find that it isn't that much different from high school. you'll be okay. it sounds look
you will make lots of friends.
56 Reply
starlight_wav OP • 2y ago
this was so nice to read thank you so much for enjoying my anxious rambling lol 😭 😭 when i was
typing this i genuinely wasn't thinking anyone would read all this, so it makes me happy to hear you
enjoyed (???) reading my thoughts 🫂 🫂
thank you for your words of comfort ! i always thought the group chat thing was something that
would only happen on tv or in movies, i'm actually a little excited now 😵‍💫 😵‍💫 !!
thank you for having faith in me, it means the world genuinely 🫂 🫂 thank you so much, i wish you all
the best in everything 🫶 🫶
2 Reply
DramaticYak8479 • 2y ago
What if social circles already started forming before the semester starts? Are you cooked if thats the
case? I didn't even go to the orientation cuz I wasn't in the country at the time
0 Reply
[deleted] • 2y ago
trust me, there won't be that many "social circles". you'll be fine. you'll meet a lot of nice people,
don't sweat it
5 Reply
starlight_wav OP • 2y ago

hii !! idk how much comfort i can be considering this post 😭 😭 but if it makes you feel better
Skip to main content
Create
from orientation i didn't really see many "social circles" that formed, like people knew each other
yeah, but i definitely think even if "social circles" formed, you're not cooked lol. my hs was pretty
big and it was like that when i went there (i went to a hs pretty far from my middle school, and the
hs was connected to an elementary and middle so like... everyone knew everyone TT), but even
then i still made friends :) !! from what i'm hearing and the responses here, i don't doubt you'll
make friends 🫂 🫂 ! wishing you all the best !! good luck ^_^ !!
1 Reply
DramaticYak8479 • 2y ago
Thanks I been anxious and stressed as well 🤝
1 Reply
Recent-Peanut-4279 • 2y ago
You will be ok mind over matter
17 Reply
starlight_wav OP • 2y ago
thank you so much i genuinely needed to hear this TT !! very obvious, but i tend to forget this easily
</33 thank you for the reminder 🫶 🫶 ! i wish you all the best 🫂 !!
1 Reply
Tasty_Pause_3472• 2y ago
Im nervous too. Tmw is my first day @Hostos. Just focus on getting everything ready, go to bed early so
you can get there before it gets packed. Walk around (put your phone away), take your time to learn
about the different buildings, find your classroom, stay aware of your surroundings etc. just know that
youʼre not the only one. Youʼll be fine, good luck!
9 Reply
starlight_wav OP • 2y ago
me reading this at like 4am oops 😵‍💫 😵‍💫 definitely will take the latter part of the advice though and try
to learn the layout more 🫶 !! thank you so much for your words, i appreciate it so much <33 !! and
best of luck to you at hostos 🫰 !! i know you'll do great 🫶 🫶 !!
2 Reply
[deleted] • 2y ago
Yeah, just ended my first day at @hostos I nearly fainted upon getting into class and I was late😭 😭 .
This was also my first class 2 years after completing high school you will be fine
2 Reply
Tasty_Pause_3472• 2y ago

Oh God same. Ay least we got the first day over with. Everyone was respectful but not friendly lol.
Skip to main content
Create
I hope you had a good-first-day of class
1 Reply
[deleted] • 2y ago
Yeah, English class was canceled and put online, and I missed it.
1 Reply
[deleted] • 2y ago
Youʼll be fine in like 2 weeks not even
9 Reply
starlight_wav OP • 2y ago
aaaa hoping so TT !! thank you so much for the reply 🫂 🫂 !!
1 Reply
Shineby3• 2y ago
Lol, I wouldn't worry too much. Just like you said, a lot of the people you will see really will not care, so if
you really need help, ask the students cause while they don't care, but they are understanding
6 Reply
starlight_wav OP • 2y ago
there's some comfort in knowing that everyone is in the same boat, but knowing my luck i feel like i
might end up talking to the wrong person or smthn 😭 😭 but that's me overthinking, thank you so
much for replying 🫂 🫂
1 Reply
milkygoldfishh • 2y ago
John Jay
Hi! I just transferred to John Jay and this will be my first semester there. I went today to familiarize myself
with where my classes are and that helped so much to ease some of my anxiety so if you have some time
to do that then I would definitely try to.
There are many clubs and activities you can do that will help you make friends. Iʼm extremely introverted
and made 0 friends at my last school so I really want to try and put myself out there for the remainder of
college.
Commuting can be scary at times but Iʼm sure with your afternoon classes itʼll make it a little easier and
hopefully youʼll miss most of the crazyʼs. Try to sit in the middle of the train where itʼs populated and
maybe get a pepper spray or something. Having that on me makes me feel slightly less scared.
If youʼd be down Iʼd totally be your first John Jay friend but either way I wish you the best of luck this
year and Iʼm sure with time youʼll grow to be more confident in the decisions you made!

Skip to m5ain conteRnetply
Create
starlight_wav OP • 2y ago
oh my god thank you so much for this reply :(( this was so heartwarming to hear genuinely 🫶
especially with the commute part, i think that's one of my biggest fears lol (which is so weird to me
because usually i'm not such a paranoid person </33). i was thinking during the afternoon it would be
more likely to run into someone you wouldn't want to ;; thank you for that especially, you have no idea
how much you've calmed my nerves from that alone
i wish you the best of luck for you !! in hs i was in a lot of clubs and extracurriculars, and while it was
exhausting at times it made me feel very fulfilled, no matter how tired i was it came from a place of
love and passion. i used to think i wasn't a very social person, but after joining so many clubs i
realized i just wasn't in the right spaces lol. i think it helps to be in a place where people *want* to
socialize smthn smthn idk i don't want to yap your ear off too much with this but !! yes definitely
looking forward to clubs (despite hearing sm mixed things abt them 😕 ??) and definitely would say
to join some ^_^ !! maybe we'll even end up in the same one lol
let's make this year a good year ヾ(≧▽≦*)o !! and i'd love to be your friend :3c !! we'll make this a
good semester i'm sure of it (´▽`ʃ♡ƪ) !! thank you so much again for your kind words, and once again
good luck tomorrow !! we got this ^o^ !!
1 Reply
sl8yterr • 2y ago
are you planning on joining any clubs at john jay? iʼm SUPEERR new to the campus so iʼm not
familiar tbh
2 Reply
starlight_wav OP • 2y ago
hi ! sorry for getting back so late but yeah iʼm planning to join a bunch of clubs ( ><)o !! i want
to settle into classes more so probably not right away, ill see if i can sit in some to see how itʼll
integrate into my schedule but yeah !! i just really gotta figure out how though 😭 ! someone
in one of my classes promoted the singing club, but i also wanna check out the rifle team, and
maybe student council since i was on my schools last yr ? but yeah ! what about you though
:00 ?? are you planning to join some :3c ?
1 Reply
ivygard777 • 2y ago
we're literally so similar. i was also picked up and dropped off to and from school my whole life. going to
college was the first time i took public transportation by myself. i literally had to make my mom ride with
me on the first day 😭 i'm a senior now but i used to get so scared of being attacked, assaulted, pushed
onto the tracks. sometimes this paranoia comes back- i have unfortunately skipped class a few times
because i was so convinced something bad would happen to me. but i think that you'll get used to it after
a few weeks. you're a very aware person so that definitely helps with keeping you safe

i also wanted to reinvent myself after hs. my friendships in hs didn't end on a good note so i'm glad i
Skip to main content
went to a cuny where no one i knew from my hs goes to. Create
your mom seems very pessimistic! i know my mom is like that too. but don't let her make you doubt your
choices. you should try taking some morning classes in the future semesters so you can get a taste of
what time of day is best for you. also making friends can be hard but clubs help. go to club meetings and
events. class groupchats are good too
5 Reply
starlight_wav OP • 2y ago
oh my god we really are similar :(( i also ended on a bad note with my friends in hs, so that's exactly
why i'm looking forward to the whole reinvention lol TT
how did you handle the paranoia in the beginning ? was it just a "swallow the frog" type thing ?
and yeah my mum does tend to me 😭 😭 i know it comes from a place of love, so i feel bad
complaining but it certainly doesn't help lol ;;
hearing all of this though makes me feel so much more at ease though, thank you so much for
everything🫂 🫂 !! i wish you all the best in life truly, thank you so much 🫶 !!
1 Reply
NooMacarons5827 • 2y ago
Good luck
4 Reply
starlight_wav OP • 2y ago
thank you so much (´▽`ʃ♡ƪ) !!
1 Reply
coolprettygrl88• 2y ago
first off, i hope ur first day went smoothly 🙂‍↕️ i go to jjay too! (senior 👵🏾 ) and i was a transfer student so i
definitely fought for my life… u will get through this! it definitely took me a while to make friends with ppl
but honestly class group chats will be ur best friend (if theyʼre made…). if not, donʼt stress about it too
much.
as for advice, if possible try to make templates for ur classes (especially if ur in a stem major bc the lab
reports..😵 ) and put every important date in the syllabus on a calendar of some sort just so you know
whatʼs coming next and u wonʼt be blindsided. definitely take advantage of the tutoring center ASAP bc u
would be surprised how quickly u can fall behind. just focus on having a good start to the freshman year
😼 💪🏾
3 Reply
RamonaHatake033 • 2y ago
John Jay

yooo! join the discord! im about to make flyers for people to join but I didnʼt realize how many of us
Skip to main content
Create
are on reddit lol https://discord.gg/8e8sbt9a
1 Reply
[deleted] • 2y ago• Edited 2y ago
Donʼt worry I failed college like 2x and am starting over at community college. I lost all my brown and
asian friends and became the black sheep of the family. You will be fine no matter what my dear
6 Reply
starlight_wav OP • 2y ago
oh god this is so comforting to hear. i've never rlly had friends of my background because of where i
went to school i was like one of the only brown kids, but even in hs it was hard to make friends bc i
wasn't rlly into the things ppl were (i dont say that in a "oh im not like the others" way i just have very
loser nerd interests 😭 😭 i say that lightheartedly but you get it lol)
thank you soso much for this reply genuinely, it makes me feel so comforted 🫂 🫂 thank you !! i wish
you all the best in life <3
1 Reply
ForeignCompass • 2y ago
Ahh Iʼd love to be ur friend I hope the best for you on ur first day 💕
2 Reply
starlight_wav OP • 2y ago
oh my gosh you're so sweet 😭 🫶 !! officially considering you a friend now 🫰 !! wishing the same
right back at you <33 !! best of luck in everything (´▽`ʃ♡ƪ) !!
2 Reply
ForeignCompass • 2y ago
I completely forgot to respond I got lost in the pool of Reddit but thank youuu🖤 🖤 🖤
1 Reply
Inevitable-Cut-3643 • 2y ago
I was in the exact same boat as you last year. I didnʼt have to take the train in high school so commuting
to the city was initially nerve wrecking. I also didnʼt have any friends from high school that were going to
the same college as me, so I can relate with you about being scared of not making friends in college. The
first few days might be hard but trust me, youʼll get used to it eventually!! Good luck, youʼll do just fine.
Itʼs okay to feel a little anxious, I think most freshman feel like that anyway so youʼre not alone.
2 Reply
starlight_wav OP • 2y ago

ohh my god this is so comforting to hear 😭 😭 thank you so so much genuinely !! i didnt realize there
Skip to main content
Create
were so many people in the same boat as me which admittedly was very narrow-minded of me lol
thank you so much for your reply, i appreciate it so much 🫂 🫂 !! wishing you all the best in life 🫰
2 Reply
letmesuckyourface • 2y ago
Hey :)
You'll do fine. I was also nervous my first day going to JJAY but honestly, it's such a great school with
awesome people. Not gonna lie and say everyone is nice but so far I've met and become friends with the
greatest people who attend JJAY. Try to talk to people around you in class and also attend events. I think
there's one tomorrow or Thursday. That's the one thing that helped me open up. It gets easier as time
goes by. Try to be confident and positive. I've been going to the school for three years and I'm so
nervous about tomorrow also but trying to remain positive. I hope you have a great day tomorrow and a
great semester.
2 Reply
DramaticYak8479 • 2y ago
What else are the students like? Sorry if this sounds vague
1 Reply
[deleted] • 2y ago
Donʼt be nervous. The only thing different about college would prob be a little more responsibility and
lecture halls.
I recommend going in early and go around your campus and get used to where everything is.
I was just like you during my freshman years as well
2 Reply
liveyourlifexo21 • 2y ago
I know how it feels. I was also super super nervous during my first day. Iʼm a sophomore now, I think no
matter what people say you will feel the anxiety thatʼs a given, however it gets better as you go. And
about traveling, I agree with you itʼs really hard especially as a woman taking the subway alone. But I
think what helps more is if you donʼt stare at people randomly and just mind your own business (having
your AirPods on all the time really helps me as I also have severe anxiety issues)
2 Reply
Loli3535 • 2y ago
Faculty/Staff
You can do it!!! First week will be easy work-wise. Meet your profs, introduce yourself to folks in your
classes, join a club. Youʼve got this!

Skip to m2ain conteRnetply
Create
New-Negotiation3261 • 2y ago
Please join a student club. That's how I've kept a group of friends!
2 Reply
DramaticYak8479 • 2y ago
Arent clubs filled with cliques
1 Reply
New-Negotiation3261 • 2y ago
there are still some people who go there to meet friends. So don't discount it as a spade to meet
one or two friends.
1 Reply
Nintendo_Pro_03 • 2y ago
Good luck on your first day!!! College really isnʼt bad! I hope you enjoy it! 😊
2 Reply
malevolentkitchen07 • 2y ago
Hi! Idk what the JJ campus looks like (Iʼm a QC student) but honestly just take some time to wander
around and marvel at everything. I remember my first week I was crossing the library at my campus and I
looked up at it, it was literally humongous from my perspective and I loved it. I went to the top floor and
the skyline was amazing, not compared to the quad but itʼs the little things you romanticize that makes it
nice. Enjoy yourself and the feeling of a new chapter opening in your life! Also, donʼt worry about making
friends or force it, just join clubs and go with the flow! Sometimes you will meet very agreeable ppl that
you become friends with over night, and sometimes not so much. Youʼll be fine, setbacks are a part of
life so try to have fun regardless:)
2 Reply
starlight_wav OP • 2y ago
ohh my god i adore the QC campus, it's so lovely !! i took a few classes there and honestly if it wasn't
so close to where i lived, then i would've definitely gone there 😭 😭 (and i wanted to join the kpop
club TT) !! oh i wish i was able to go to the top floor and see the skyline when i was there, i regret it
so much TT !!
the QC campus was definitely so easy to romanticize lol. i used to take classes at powdermaker hall,
the trees outside during the spring, and there would be these kids playing volleyball i would get to
watch for a bit before going into class ohhh i miss it so much 🫶 🫶 i even used to vlog during then,
was so living the shoujo girl dream (´▽`ʃ♡ƪ)

thank you so much for reminding me of this, i forgot the butterflies i felt going there and how happy it
Skip to main content
made me :")) i think i really needed that. remembering how happy i felt then makCerse matee feel i can
make more memories like that here ヾ(≧▽≦*)o !!
thank you so much for this reminder genuinely, i completely forgot how wonderful things could be, i
was so wrapped up in my own head about things i didn't realize how exciting new things could be as
well. thank you so much for this reminder genuinely, im so in your debt 🫂 🫂 best of luck with
everything in life, i truly wish you all the best, from the bottom of my heart <33
DramaticYak8479 • 2y ago
Man same I'm also going to John Jay and nervous as well cuz I was snooping around on Insta and I saw
that there were already plenty of freshmen who knew each other already so ig im cooked :/
starblade1337 • 2y ago
quick note:
make sure your advisor or whoever put you in classes at your level. meaning, if you took algebra in
highschool you shouldnt need to take it here. if you took any ap or honors classes, or even pased the
regents, ask your advisor to see if you can pretty much "skip" classes you would have to take. Not sure if
this is the norm at other schools but im coming from city tech and the staff is notoriously bad on avg so
maybe this warning is uneeded lmao
also, you might have a really big friend group starting out, but dont expect to be long lasting. freshman
friend groups grow big and die quick lol. dont be discouraged tho, youll probs be in a smaller, but more
tightknit one after first semester jitters die down. youll do great, you got this !!!!
RamonaHatake033 • 2y ago
John Jay
Oh I got this notification super late. Iʼm also at John jay. My first day I lost my ID/METRO and ended up
finding it at Public safety later on. I was 30 mins late after crying over it. It was horrible. On top of that, I
spent money on food that SUCKED! I took on the brink of the bad first day for you. LOL! if you want to be
mutuals I have a discord for John jay students with over 100 of us transfer/freshman and older students.
Lmk if youʼd like to join!
sl8yterr • 2y ago
wait iʼd lowkey love to join this
AutoModerator MOD • 2y ago

Interested in the CUNY discord server? https://discord.gg/9cxwGrh Check out the sidebar for other
Skip to main content
Create
CUNY related Discord servers!
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this
subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
starlight_wav OP • 2y ago
oh my god iʼm so sorry all that happened 😕 😕 !! iʼm glad you were at least able to find your cards
back though :(( !! also what food did you get lol (making note of where to avoid ✍ ✍ ). one of these
days iʼm planning on walking around the area to find some good food places, so i can keep you
posted about that if youʼd like lol and about the discord server, thank you so much for the invite ! iʼd
appreciate it a lot thank you 🙇 !!
AutoModerator MOD • 2y ago
Interested in the CUNY discord server? https://discord.gg/9cxwGrh Check out the sidebar for
other CUNY related Discord servers!
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this
subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.
Aggressive_Art_8545 • 2y ago
Iʼm in the same boat almost identical to you, and honestly just push through, u need to go to school no? I
went today and I found every class, no problems and met a ton of people, honestly I kinda like school
now lol
southside_jim • 2y ago
Please donʼt worry. I look back on my time in college and how much I worried myself sick - and it didnʼt
help one bit. I wish I could get all that time and energy back that I wasted. Enjoy the experience - it will
turn out just fine
bootyhunter69420 • 2y ago
My mom went with me my first couple of days. Take it one day at a time.
Any-Revolution-7551 • 2y ago
Ha we go to the same school

Skip to main content
Create
maximus-mh • 2y ago
take it slow, hold yourself accountable and good luck! know that your degree will be worth it!! 🫶🏼 🫶🏼
The_NightOwl_83 • 2y ago
Itʼs ok to be nervous. It happens to many. I remember feeling nervous on the first day and following days
too, until eventually you start to get into the flow of things. Just remember to breathe and take each day
one step at a time. It will all be over before you know it. Enjoy it! And remember, its ok to ask questions if
you donʼt know something or are unsure where a location is. You will do great! We believe in you!
gabrielcev1• 2y ago • Edited 2y ago
It's college. I assure you everyone is worried about their own life and not going to be paying attention to
you. I suffer from a lot of anxiety, I also think I have OCD. I'm not diagnosed but I pretty much have all the
symptoms. It's very difficult for me to approach social settings like college, my head starts going at a
million miles and my anxiety goes crazy. Just take comfort in the fact that no one cares about you, and I
mean this in a nice way. Everyone is in their own bubble, worried about their own problems. All that to
say, just do your own thing, try to pay attention and get good grades, don't worry about what anyone
thinks and what they are doing, trust me they aren't worried about you. If you can, talk to someone, make
some friends. You're going to be ok.
Slow-Leopard-8580 • 2y ago
you sound like youʼre really kind and sweet person, Km replying late but you got this! i know it can be
hard making friends but donʼt be afraid, everyone will be nice and donʼt sweat it! Wishing you the best
this semester and beyond :) I go to Bmcc but after i plan to attend John Jay, You absolutely got this!
lunairise • 2y ago
you seem so sweet! 🥹 I would say donʼt be nervous, youʼll find your own spaces and friends soon & the
commutes will get easier day by day!! Iʼm not sure which college youʼre in but iʼm at baruch and hang
around macaulay and hunter if youʼre ever in need of someone to talk to! 😆
Nervous-Passion-1897 • 2y ago
Wow you are just traveling alone? I had to start taking the train since the 4th grade

Younger_Ape_9001 • 2y ago
Create
Man the fuck up
starlight_wav OP • 2y ago
youʼre so right honestly i really did just need to man tf up 😭 😭 thank you 🙏
Reddit Rules Privacy Policy User Agreement Your Privacy Choices Accessibility Reddit, Inc. © 2026. All rights reserved.