SOURCE: https://reddit.com/r/CUNY/comments/1gzmx74

Skip to main content
r/CUNY Search in r/CUNY Create
r/CUNY •2y ago
bxqnz89
Any 5-10 year graduates here?
Been hesitant to post this since I don't think this is the right place, but whatever. I'm interested to know how
those who graduated five to ten years ago are doing career-wise.
I graduated John Jay ten years ago as of next month. Had difficulty finding a decent job because employers
prioritize experience over education. I've been at a dead end job for the past seven years. The pay is ok.
Anyway, I feel like getting a degree wasn't worth the time and effort. CUNY doesn't (or didn't) prepare its
graduates for the job market. Those who've I've kept in contact with are in the same position I'm in now.
Anyone have the same experience?
40 21
dataiku_official • Promoted
This report reveals the 5 confessions shaping how CEOs are thinking about risk,
performance, and what it takes to bring AI under control.
pages.dataiku.com
Join the conversation
Sort by: Best Search Comments
Archer_Python • 2y ago
Student
Schools don't help you in the actual job market, that's not their job. They're job is to educate you in
whatever field you want to study but again, they don't help you in the job market, they have very little
control over that (thats on the economy, the government, private sectors themselves etc). Now while
you're an admitted student what another user said they can supply you with internships and programs
after graduation that can lead you into a job but that's about it.
You mentioned you got a degree in Crim just. You never had a internship with NYPD or Department of
Corrections? Last I checked the exam for Corrections Officer was up again, also NYPD has alot of jobs
that aren't Police Officer at all. Just look on their website. Also I said this again, there's a common

misconception that studying certain majors won't get you a job. Jobs look for experience more then
Skip to main content
education. A degree is just showing a job you're capable to dedicate yourself to a ceCrrteaaint etask which still
looks good on a resume but experience is what they really like on top. We're in NYC there's so many
opportunities that can land you a job, look for seminars, career fairs (you're a CUNY Alumni, I'm sure
you'll still be invited to all our career fairs we have around our 18 colleges) hiring events. Doesn't Jacob
Javits center have a huge job fair 2x a year? Look into stuff like that. Don't get bummed out, it's ok you
have a degree you already are ahead of 2/3rds of the American population (only about 38% of the U.S.
population have at least a bachelor's degree). You just need to look, for real right now get off Reddit (I
mean it in a sincere way) and start Googling Job Fairs NYC, Hiring events, Go on NYPD or the DOC
website look for open positions. Again don't get bummed out
YetiGuy• 2y ago
Does 20 years count?
CCNY. EE major. I got an internship through a job fair held at the campus in my last year. I ended up
joining that company after I graduated.
I went on to get an IVY league masters degree and am in a good leadership position now.
School can only do so much, 90% is what you can do.
[deleted] • 2y ago
I think the real question here is what your major was. I majored in mechanical engineering from CCNY
Grove, graduated as the salutatorian, had multiple offers 3 months before I even graduated.
bxqnz89 OP • 2y ago
Criminal Justice
[deleted] • 2y ago
yeah you see, that's the problem.With just a Bachelor's in CJ, you're not likely to go far
unfortunately irrespective of how well you do academically.
dwnarabbithole • 2y ago
Alum
I think it comes down to the majors. I graduated in 2012 with a bachelor's in architecture and found an
entry job two weeks later at a small engineering firm.

Tsionchi • 2y ago
Skip to main content
Create
Did you do any internships? Job fairs?
I got my masters at a CUNY from 2020-2022 in a “worthless” degree ( social work lol) but I also did a lot
of networking and cold emailing and now I work at a nice position being paid almost six figures with great
benefits. Usually with criminal justice majors, itʼs the NYPD or going onward to grad school/ Law school.
Donʼt give up
AdvantageNo3180 • 2y ago
What sources do you use to network? LinkedIn?
Tsionchi • 2y ago
LinkedIn + i made sure to get very close with my professors as they had connections too
AdvantageNo3180 • 2y ago
Thanks!
u/infiniti_official • Promoted
Style so sleek, itʼll steal your breath.
Shop Now infinitiusa.com
tweetibird• 2y ago
Alumni
Graduated fall 2018 in compsci from queens college No colleges really prepare you for the job market.
Better colleges will help you land some internships faster which gives you insight into the job world. Your
major also matters a lot. If you major in history or marketing, your prospects will be limited since the
amount of jobs in the market is finite vs compsci, business, accounting where the number of jobs are
always growing and in demand
fashionistaconquista • 2y ago
Compsci is cooked right now , people getting layed off , new openings are only outside the USA,
more and more CS graduates every year with less and less jobs.

Skip to main content
Create
andreafatgirlslim • 2y ago
Except the average Cuny CS major does the bare minimum inside the classroom let alone outside
the classroom
tweetibird• 2y ago
Alumni
The amount of mediocre engineers is the problem tbh. Iʼll interview others once in a while and
always go for lc easy then medium. People donʼt even know how to use an array and later will add
you on LinkedIn asking why they didnʼt get an offer.
Besides that, the demand for entry level engineers is super low. Itʼs easier hiring engineers who
did internships throughout college than people with high gpas but no experience since they
onboard faster.
Other thing to consider is the responsibilities of engineers have grown a lot in the past few years.
They barely cover those topics in college classes.
Wolastrone • 2y ago
Top 1% Commenter
Just curious, how was your job search after college? Have you been working in the field?
tweetibird• 2y ago
Alumni
Was difficult. Ended up doing a boot camp which lead to working as a contractor for a f500
company, working for a msft now.
[deleted] • 2y ago
Comment deleted by user
tweetibird• 2y ago
Alumni
that's the keyword, depending on where you join healthcare, its a shit show with the forced
schedules, illegal practices and politics,
the people i know that graduated in nursing that are dealing with shit like that where they can't
control their schedule, last minute changes, 12-18 hour shifts, being assigned too many people,
it's "in demand" but the hospitals (owned by corps/businesses) won't hire more people to
alleviate the stress
i know maybe 1 biller (ab/ar) and 1 pharmacy tech dealing with similar shit and overworked but
being expected to perform flawlessly

nursing jobs are in demand for sure but lesser known roles have limited roles and are usually
blocked by requirements needed more experience or some other bs. Create
atleast with corp jobs you have a typical 9-5, probably 10-15 hours more a week initially to
onboard and learn the stuff and solid pay/benefits but those in nursing go through this abuse like
a hazing ritual and won't have any control over their life. major respects if you can deal with it
Top-Combination-7718 • 2y ago
Hi iʼm technically not a 5-10 year graduate (Just graduated last spring with the BA in Criminal Justice
similar to yourself) and I am a Teach for America Corps member with a full time 6th grade ELA job in
Brooklyn. A word of advice I can give you similar to another redditor is that it really isnʼt so much the
degree, more the experience that you have (And the connections you make honestly along the way if
possible) You should take a look at some potential crime analyst jobs maybe or even paralegal work? (If
thatʼs something youʼre into of course!) Unfortunately a lot of other graduates with the CJBA major
struggle really bad to find employment (bunch of my friends are currently)
DatGuyKilo • 2y ago
Alum
Graduated back in 2021 from Hunter College, im now currently an enlisted member of the US Armed
Forces, honestly wasn't too bad of a decision
Poisionmivy • 2y ago
Student
So what are you going to do? What steps are you planning to take??
Reddit Rules Privacy Policy User Agreement Your Privacy Choices Accessibility Reddit, Inc. © 2026. All rights reserved.