SOURCE: https://www.jjay.cuny.edu/admissions/tuition-financial-aid/federal-work-study

Federal Work Study | John Jay College of Criminal Justice
Skip to main content
Federal Work Study
Federal Work-Study
The Federal Work-Study (FWS) program provides part-time jobs for undergraduate students with a financial need, allowing them to earn money to help pay education expenses. Jobs are available both on and off-campus and include community service work.
FAQs
How do I apply for FWS?
To be considered for this award, you must complete your financial aid applications and request consideration for FWS by checking the appropriate box on the FAFSA. FWS money is awarded on a first-come, first-served basis. John Jay College receives a fixed amount of money each academic year to make FWS awards. Once this money is awarded, there is no more for that academic year. You are encouraged to file your financial aid applications early. When you receive your award letter from John Jay College, it will indicate whether or not you have been awarded FWS.
Am I eligible for FWS?
Demonstrate financial need
Be matriculated and enrolled at least on a half-time basis (six credits or its equivalent). However, during the summer, continuing students do not have to be enrolled, but must register for the following fall semester on a half-time basis as a matriculated student. Freshman may not work for the first summer term.
Be a citizen of the United States or an eligible non-citizen as per the program guidelines.
Meet Satisfactory Academic Progress (SAP).
Complete the Orientation with Career and Professional Development ( Good for two years)
Accept your FWS award immediately on CUNYfirst. Funding is available on a first-come basis.
How to complete Career and Professional Development Orientation Training?
Go to:
https://jjaycuny.joinhandshake.com/login?ref=app-domain
How do I get hired?
All students are required to complete the FWS online package and orientation before they are hired. Students must follow the
FWS placement steps
.
Please note the following
:
International students are not eligible for participation in the FWS Program.
Entering freshmen will not be eligible to participate in the Federal Work-Study program until the beginning of their entering Fall/Spring semester.
Where can I get help with my resume?
John Jay College’s Career Learning Lab services can assist with resume writing and career readiness training. You may visit the
Career Learning Lab website
for additional information.
Where would I work?
Where you work depends on the amount of your award, class schedule, and job skills. We make all efforts to place you in a job that compliments or reinforces your educational program or career goals. You may work either on-campus in one of the departments of the College or off-campus at a number of profit and non-profit community service agencies. Such as Public Service Corps. (PSC). Also, it may be possible for you to work at selected companies in the private sector that choose to participate in the program. If you receive a small award or have a heavy class schedule, you will usually be placed on-campus.
Can I choose where I would like to work?
Yes. You will usually be given a list of jobs available online. After job selection, if your application is accepted by the employer you will be contacted by the FWS employer.
Can I earn as much money as I want?
No
. Your FWS award represents the maximum amount you may earn for the academic year. How much of the total award you actually receive depends on your rate of pay. Once you have earned your maximum FWS award, you will have to stop working.
Am I paid an hourly wage or salary?
You are paid by the hourly wage, which can range from the minimum wage to $17.00 per hour.
How will I get paid?
Your FWS supervisor must submit timesheets according to the FWS pay cycle schedule for payment. If timesheets are not submitted as scheduled, you may not be paid on time.
If I am unable to earn my entire award, will I be able to receive the rest of the money?
No
. You can only be paid for the hours you have worked. If you cannot earn your entire FWS award before the end of the academic year, the unearned portion of your award is returned to the program.
How many credits do I have to take for FWS eligibility?
You must register for and maintain an enrollment status of half-time (6 credits or equated credits) or greater to be eligible for FWS. If for any reason, your course load falls below half time, you can no longer participate in the program and must stop working.
Do I have to stop working if I withdraw from school?
Yes
. If you withdraw from school for any reason, you lose your eligibility for FWS and must stop working.
I am currently receiving unemployment. Do I have to report FWS earnings to the unemployment office?
Yes
. If you are receiving unemployment insurance benefits and are also employed in the FWS program, you must notify your local unemployment office that you are working in the FWS program. The New York State Department of Labor considers it a willful misrepresentation to collect unemployment benefits without revealing that you are also receiving FWS earnings.
Are FWS earnings taxable?
Yes
. FWS earnings are considered taxable income by both federal and state governments. However, FWS earnings are not counted as income in determining eligibility for financial aid.
Below are the tax documents needed to file taxes:
W4
and
IT2104
or
IT2104E
Why do I have to fill out an I-9 Form?
According to federal law, the identity and work eligibility of all FWS students must be verified before beginning their FWS assignment. You will have to
complete an I-9 form
and present certain documents to an appropriate FWS representative. You may not participate in the FWS program until you have filed an I-9 form with the Financial Aid Office. If you work off-campus with Public Service Corps (PSC), you will file your I-9 with PSC.
What are the benefits of the FWS program?
If you never had a job, the FWS program can give you your first exposure to the job market. FWS employers are often willing to give you on-the-job training. You can find positions relating directly to your program of study or career choice, thereby gaining valuable job experience. You may learn about giving something back to the community through a community service-related FWS position. When seeking regular employment after graduation, you may use your FWS job as an employment reference.
Finally, you could be hired as a regular employee by the employer for whom you worked as a Federal Work-Study student.
Is there a Federal Work Study Waitlist?
Yes.
If you are interested in participating in the Federal Work Study (FWS) program but were not awarded FWS funding as part of your financial aid package, you may request to be added to the FWS waitlist.To request to be added to the waitlist, please email
federalworkstudy@jjay.cuny.edu
be sure to include:
Your full name
Your EMPLID (Student ID)
Important Information:
Being added to the waitlist does not guarantee funding or job placement.
Requests are reviewed on a first-come, first-served basis and only for students who meet the FWS eligibility criteria.
The waitlist is intended for students who qualify for FWS but were not initially offered funding.
Notice of Non-Discrimination
It is the policy of The City University of New York—applicable to all colleges and units— to recruit, employ, retain, promote, and provide benefits to employees and to admit and provide services for students without regard to race, color, creed, national origin, ethnicity, ancestry, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender,  gender identity, marital status, partnership status, disability,  genetic information, alienage, citizenship, military or veteran status, pregnancy, or status as a victim of domestic violence/stalking/sex offenses, unemployment status, or any other legally prohibited basis in accordance with federal, state and city laws.   This policy is set forth more fully in CUNY’s Policy on Equal Opportunity and Nondiscrimination.
Sexual harassment, gender harassment and sexual violence, forms of sex or gender discrimination, are also prohibited at CUNY.  This policy is set forth fully in CUNY’s Policy on Sexual Misconduct.
It is also the University’s policy to provide reasonable accommodations when appropriate to individuals with disabilities, individuals observing religious practices, employees who have pregnancy or childbirth-related medical conditions, or employees who are victims of domestic violence/stalking/sex offenses.
Retaliation for reporting or opposing discrimination, cooperating with an investigation of a discrimination complaint, or requesting an accommodation is also prohibited.
The following person has been designated at John Jay College (“the College”) to handle inquiries and complaints relating to CUNY’s Policy on Equal Opportunity and Nondiscrimination as well as CUNY’s Policy on Sexual Misconduct and to review appeals of the College’s decisions regarding requests for reasonable accommodations under section 504 of the Federal Rehabilitation Act of 1973 and the Americans With Disabilities Act of 1990: Gabriela Leal, Deputy Director-Compliance & Diversity, John Jay College of Criminal Justice, Haaren Hall, Rm. 622T, 524 West 59th Street, New York, NY 10019,
gleal@jjay.cuny.edu
. (
This is
not
a contact email for Financial Aid or Federal Work-study).
Federal Work-Study How-Tos
How to Accept or Decline Federal Work-Study on CUNYfirst
How to Accept/Decline your offer on CUNYfirst
Login to your
CUNYfirst
account
Select “
Student Center
”
Navigate to the “
Financial Aid
” tile
Select “
Financial Aid Year 2024-2025
”
Click on “
Awards
,” then ‘
Accept/Decline
”
Click “
submit
” after Accepting or Declining your FWS Offer
How to Submit your Federal Work-Study Onboarding Documentation
How to Submit your Federal Work-Study Onboarding Documentation
Login to your
CUNYfirst
account
Select “
Student Center
”
Navigate to the “
Task and Holds
” tile
Click "
Complete FWS Onboarding
" task
Click “
Click Here for Student Form
”
Note
: You must have a "
Complete FWS Onboarding
" task on
CUNYfirst
in order to complete the next steps
Login to your
Student Forms
account
Click on the
"2024-2025 FWS Onboarding"
under 'Needs Action'
Complete the following tasks in
Student Forms
Family Educational Right & Privacy Act Agreement (FERPA)
​​​​
Federal Work-Study Onboarding (all steps, W-4, IT-2104 or IT-2104E, NYS Labor Form)
FWS Rights & Responsibilities
Note
: All actions can be completed via the
Students Forms
portal
except
for the
I-9, Employment Eligibility Verification Form
.  This form must be submitted in person to a Financial Aid representative at Jay Express.
Contact Us (FWS)
Phone & Email
Please include your EMPLID in your e-mail
646-557-4838
federalworkstudy@jjay.cuny.edu
Addresses
Be sure to only mail information to our mailing address
Mailing:
524 West 59th Street, BMW 607, New York, NY, 10019
Physical:
555 West 57th Street, 6th Floor, New York, NY, 10019
Office Hours
Monday - Thursday | 9:00a to 4:45p
Friday | 9:00a to 2:45p
Important Links and Deadlines
Deadlines for FWS Placement
2025-2026
Term
Date
Summer 2025
-
August 6, 2025
Fall 2025
-
November 14, 2025
Spring 2026
-
April 17, 2026
2026-2027
Term
Date
Summer 2026
-
August 10, 2026
Fall 2026
-
November 16, 2026
Spring 2027
-
November 16, 2026
How to Enroll in Direct Deposit
Additional Student Employment Opportunities
CUNY Federal Work-Study FAQs
﻿